Hello. I am a giant test file.
I would like to let you know I'm starting to see a trend in the later courses that, for some, may be a sub-optimal experience.

The behavior itself follows this pattern:

1. The course introduces a trivial example in passing. Later on an assignment then cites code for your reference but the example
is not easily searchable or indexed anywhere.
This cipher code you that would help complete this example was in a quiz a few days back, but you likely missed it and you won't find it in
any code samples. Common sense (if not courtesy) would dictate the code just be included in the project, but no, figure it out yourself.
After second guessing yourself a fair bit, someone from a forum post reposts the actual code you need (that should have come down with the original assignment).
Now you'll move on to step 2. This is the most fun part.

2. Included in the repo you will find a README that is woefully underspecified without an example input or output. The assignment
will not provide an input file or an output file for you to viably test your code locally.
Additionally, the README will be so vague and underspecified, you will likely not be able to create a test for it yourself. When you submit
the code, your graded file will simply state you failed three out of four tests
without providing you any real helpful input on what you are, are not or should be doing.

3. At this point you will feel a little disappointed, alone, confused and upset. You will log onto the forum and get one of several responses:
  *. A well intentioned but generally unhelpful response that there is no way to help you without also giving away the answer
    *. A response almost as vague as the Markdown itself and generally not actionable
      *. A rather passive aggressive hint that one should be grateful for any response at any cadence

At this point you will take a deep sigh, wonder if this whole C thing was a mistake. The Python and JS people don't demand you use kludgy emacs. Even the
Haskell people on random Slack and IRC channels without any incentive whatsoever to help you seem more dedicated to your success than the assistants of this paid course.
For the reader of this file, I'd like you to know, it's not just you. The author of this file is a professional programmer who now works at Amazon as a software
engineer. This course really is unecessarily difficult at times.

Having that said, please don't be the angry person on the forums who keeps posting borderline abusive ALL CAPS messages. I wrote this file to help
anyone like me in the future who is stuck have the tools to get themself unstuck. That's all I ever really wanted and think that's fair. My genuine sense is everyone
is trying their hardest and no one deserves to be shouted at. We should help each other as much as practical.

For the Duke folks, I wrote this to help others as well as myself, but perhaps you could take the hint here, some of your assignments really need review as
their presentation is much too "raw" and is very demoralizing for your students.

As a professional software engineer I can say unambiguously, this is not normal, this is not helpful and this is just disreprectful to fellow programmers.
Starting in class three and continuing here, I am spending more time trying to figure out what you want, than actually
learning C programming. The fact I had to create these files to complete the assignment is a strong indicator you may not be doing enough to help your students.

Hopefully this provides a concrete example of the situation, the task, the action and result (making it easier for me and others to
answer this assignment). This is beneficial to you as well as it will reduce the amount of questions on the forum, frustration from students in posts, will likely
improve the rating of your course, increase
subscribership and increase the amount of people capable of interacting with C code. I think that's an outcome students and educators both desire.

Fellow students, please upvote this if you think this was helpful, think this is an appropriate baseline of quality for an assignment,
or could be helpful to others so it remains high up in the forum to help others find it and benefit from it.

Also, all work was done in VIM, the one true text editor.
